README.md, before:

# Convert CSV to XML File

Notes: This script uses Python 3.7, [see lang references ](https://docs.python.org/3/)

This Python script reads in a data file and outputs it to a XML file

# TODO Items
- Figure out cleanup symbols
- Create one entry for survey data

# Resources for Python  
[Using for loops](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/compound_stmts.html#the-for-statement)

[Defining functions in Python](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/compound_stmts.html#function-definitions)

[Pandas API reference](https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/reference/index.html)

## data manip tasks/formatting

[Series.str.strip for removing symbols which seems to botch stuff](https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/reference/api/pandas.Series.str.strip.html)

[Casting datatypes in dataframes](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/37697934/how-to-remove-symbol-for-particular-column-in-dataframeusing-python-pandas)

## XML-specific Stuff 
[API Docs for ElementTree](https://docs.python.org/3/library/xml.etree.elementtree.html)

# Scratch
[Apply pandas functions](https://realpython.com/fast-flexible-pandas/#pandas-apply)

https://towardsdatascience.com/the-easy-way-to-work-with-csv-json-and-xml-in-python-5056f9325ca9

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/18574108/how-do-convert-a-pandas-dataframe-to-xml

Commit message:

created functions for processing FEMA course metadata XML tags

README.md, after:

# RESonator

RESonator is a tool for preparing course data for input to the FEMA RES system. 

RESOnator takes in three CSV files:
- Data representing student registration from the LMS system
- Data representing student evaluations
- A hand-prepared file representing metadata on the course, instructor, and test averages.

# Developer Information 

Notes: This script uses Python 3.7, [see lang references ](https://docs.python.org/3/)
This Python script reads in a data file and outputs it to a XML file

## Resources for Python  
[Using for loops](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/compound_stmts.html#the-for-statement)

[Defining functions in Python](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/compound_stmts.html#function-definitions)

[Pandas API reference](https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/reference/index.html)

## data manip tasks/formatting

[Series.str.strip for removing symbols which seems to botch stuff](https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/reference/api/pandas.Series.str.strip.html)

[Casting datatypes in dataframes](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/37697934/how-to-remove-symbol-for-particular-column-in-dataframeusing-python-pandas)

## XML-specific Stuff 
[API Docs for ElementTree](https://docs.python.org/3/library/xml.etree.elementtree.html)

# Scratch
[Apply pandas functions](https://realpython.com/fast-flexible-pandas/#pandas-apply)

https://towardsdatascience.com/the-easy-way-to-work-with-csv-json-and-xml-in-python-5056f9325ca9

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/18574108/how-do-convert-a-pandas-dataframe-to-xml
